Update checks development guideline (#1048)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/develop-checks/checks-v2.md

        description: Checks something important
        interval: standard
        family: MYSQL

>         category: configuration ## Deprecated

Author: ```suggestion
        category: configuration ## Deprecated since PMM 2.36
```

>         advisor: dev            ## Since PMM 2.36

Author: ```suggestion
        advisor: dev            ## Added in PMM 2.36
```

>         advisor: dev            ## Added in PMM 2.36

Author: ```suggestion
        advisor: dev            ## Required since PMM 2.36
```

- **Script** (string, required): contains a small Starlark program that processes query results, and returns check results. It is executed on the PMM Server side.
- **Family** (string, required): specifies one of the supported database families: MYSQL, POSTGRESQL, MONGODB. This field is only available for Advisor checks v.2, created for PMM 2.28 and later.

> - **Advisor** (string, required): specifies what advisor this check belongs to. In local environments specify **dev**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Advisor** (string, required): specifies the advisor to which this check belongs. For local environments, specify **dev**.
```
